cloud: update for the cluster creation UI (#9773)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md

1. In the TiDB Cloud Console, get the TiDB Cloud account ID and external ID of the target TiDB cluster.

    1. In the TiDB Cloud Console, choose your target project, and navigate to the **Active Clusters** page.
    2. Find the area of your target cluster and click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner of the area. The **Data Import Task** page is displayed.

        > **Tip:**
        >

>         > Alternatively, you can also click the name of your newly created cluster on the **Active Clusters** page and click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > Alternatively, you can also click the name of your cluster on the **Active Clusters** page and click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner.
```

>         > Alternatively, you can also click the name of your newly created cluster on the **Active Clusters** page and click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > Alternatively, you can also click the name of your target cluster on the **Active Clusters** page and click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner.
```
